ext-blog 0.5.0 10.10.2011 updated

ABOUT

ext-blog is a common lisp blog engine. It supports custom theme and you can
port a WordPress theme for it.

FEATURES

* Basic blog engine features including: post an entry, display an entry, post
  a comment
* Support admin manage page so that you can manage your blog online
* Support custom themes
* Support RSS feed, only full export
* Support metaweblog API, only post/edit new entry
* Some basic themes ported by author

The more is coming.

INSTALL

Currently ext-blog is only tested on SBCL, so I strongly suggest you to use 
SBCL. And ext-blog depends on some third-party lisp libraries, so I suggest you
to use quick lisp to install these libraries. 

When you download ext-blog full source codes, go to ext-blog root directory, 
and run SBCL, i.e:

    cd ext-blog
    SBCL

And if you're the first time to load ext-blog, you can load dep.lisp to intall
these third-party libraries by quick lisp first, i.e:

    (load "dep.lisp")

And if you already have installed quick lisp, it will download some libraries 
first.

After that, everything is ready. You can load ext-blog by asdf, i.e:

    (asdf:load-system :ext-blog)

Sometimes asdf display an error like you do not have access to create a file, 
If so, you can run SBCL as root.

After that, you can run ext-blog now, i.e:

    (ext-blog:start)

ext-blog will launch a web server using hunchentoot at port 8000. So you can 
visit it to test:

    http://localhost:8000

If you're the first time to run ext-blog, there's no data files for your blog,
so you will be indirected to initializing page to setup your blog. The setup 
page only needs admin user name and password.

After that, everytime you want to launch ext-blog, you can only load it in SBCL
 and start it, i.e:

    (asdf:load-system :ext-blog)
    (ext-blog:start)

Reporting Bugs

ext-blog is not well tested currently. If you find any bug or problems you can
 send me an email, and I will try to help you out. Feel free to send email to 
me kevinlynx at gmail dot com.


